fix(www): broken link on home page (#12736)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/styling.md

overview: true
---

> There are so many ways to add styles to your website -- and Gatsby supports almost every possible option, through official and community plugins. (_If there isn’t a plugin yet for your favorite option, consider [contributing one](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/)!_)

Author: ```suggestion
There are so many ways to add styles to your website -- and Gatsby supports almost every possible option, through official and community plugins. (_If there isn’t a plugin yet for your favorite option, consider [contributing one](/docs/how-plugins-work/)!_)
```
